README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<a href="https://dscvit.com">
	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30529572/92081025-fabe6f00-edb1-11ea-9169-4a8a61a5dd45.png" alt="DSC VIT"/>
</a>
	<h2 align="center">  Gidget  </h2>
	<h4 align="center">  Android app to track GitHub activity of any user or repository directly from your homescreen  <h4>
</p>

---
[![Join Us](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20Us-Developer%20Student%20Clubs-red)](https://dsc.community.dev/vellore-institute-of-technology/)
[![Discord Chat](https://img.shields.io/discord/760928671698649098.svg)](https://discord.gg/498KVdSKWR)

[![DOCS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-see%20docs-green?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor)](INSERT_LINK_FOR_DOCS_HERE) 
  [![UI ](https://img.shields.io/badge/User%20Interface-Link%20to%20UI-orange?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor)](INSERT_UI_LINK_HERE)


## Features
- [ ]  < Keep track of latest activity of multiple users and repositories >
- [ ]  < View and your own GitHub profile >
- [ ]  < Auto refresh widget to fetch latest activites >

<br>

## Dependencies
 - Android SDK
 - Android Studio


## Running

- Clone the project in Android Studio
- Simply run the project using pre added app configuration


## Contributors

<table>
	<tr align="center">
		<td>
		Rishav Naskar
		<p align="center">
			<img src = "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/59786899?v=4" width="150" height="150" alt="Rishav Naskar">
		</p>
			<p align="center">
				<a href = "https://github.com/rishavnaskar">
					<img src = "http://www.iconninja.com/files/241/825/211/round-collaboration-social-github-code-circle-network-icon.svg" width="36" height = "36" alt="GitHub"/>
				</a>
				<a href = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/rishav-naskar-9621101a6/">
					<img src = "http://www.iconninja.com/files/863/607/751/network-linkedin-social-connection-circular-circle-media-icon.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="LinkedIn"/>
				</a>
			</p>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<p align="center">
	Made with :heart: by <a href="https://dscvit.com">DSC VIT</a>
</p>

Commit message:

fix: added running steps to readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<a href="https://dscvit.com">
	<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30529572/92081025-fabe6f00-edb1-11ea-9169-4a8a61a5dd45.png" alt="DSC VIT"/>
</a>
	<h2 align="center">  Gidget  </h2>
	<h4 align="center">  Android app to track GitHub activity of any user or repository directly from your homescreen  <h4>
</p>

---
[![Join Us](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20Us-Developer%20Student%20Clubs-red)](https://dsc.community.dev/vellore-institute-of-technology/)
[![Discord Chat](https://img.shields.io/discord/760928671698649098.svg)](https://discord.gg/498KVdSKWR)

[![DOCS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-see%20docs-green?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor)](INSERT_LINK_FOR_DOCS_HERE) 
  [![UI ](https://img.shields.io/badge/User%20Interface-Link%20to%20UI-orange?style=flat-square&logo=appveyor)](INSERT_UI_LINK_HERE)


## Features
- [ ]  < Keep track of latest activity of multiple users and repositories >
- [ ]  < View and your own GitHub profile >
- [ ]  < Auto refresh widget to fetch latest activites >

<br>

## Dependencies
 - Android SDK
 - Android Studio


## Running

- Clone the project in Android Studio
- Create a Github personal access token with user and repo as scope
- Create a GitHub OAuth app. You will get a clientID and clientSecret
- Add the Personal Access Token as "token" to your "System Variables" under "Environment Variables" in your pc
- Add the ClientID as "clientID" to your "System Variables" under "Environment Variables" in your pc
- Add the ClientSecret as "clientSecret" to your "System Variables" under "Environment Variables" in your pc
- Simply restart your pc and run the project


## Contributors

<table>
	<tr align="center">
		<td>
		Rishav Naskar
		<p align="center">
			<img src = "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/59786899?v=4" width="150" height="150" alt="Rishav Naskar">
		</p>
			<p align="center">
				<a href = "https://github.com/rishavnaskar">
					<img src = "http://www.iconninja.com/files/241/825/211/round-collaboration-social-github-code-circle-network-icon.svg" width="36" height = "36" alt="GitHub"/>
				</a>
				<a href = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/rishav-naskar-9621101a6/">
					<img src = "http://www.iconninja.com/files/863/607/751/network-linkedin-social-connection-circular-circle-media-icon.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="LinkedIn"/>
				</a>
			</p>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<p align="center">
	Made with :heart: by <a href="https://dscvit.com">DSC VIT</a>
</p>
